

## AboutThis plugin allows you to play an audio (bgm, bgs, me or se) at a fixedposition. The volume and panning will be dynamically updated based off ofthe players distance from that audios location.

## Plugin Commands
### **Playing / Looping**~~~ qAudio start [AUDIONAME] [list of options]~~~AUDIONAME - The name of the audio you want to play. If file has spaces in itwrap the name with "". Ex. If audio name was: Some File, then use "Some File"Possible options:- idX: where X the ID for the audio (needed for stopping)- type: bgm, bgs, me, or se (Default: bgm)- loop: this audio will loop- noPan: this audio will not update its pan- pitchX: where X is the pitch %, default is 100- maxV: where V is the max volume for this audio, between 0-100- fadeinT: where T is the time to fade in, in seconds- xX: where X is the x position for the audio- yY: where Y is the y position for the audio- radiusR: where R is the max radius for the audio- bindToCHARAID: where CHARAID is the character to bind to.  * CHARAID - The character identifier.   - For player: 0, p, or player   - For events: EVENTID, eEVENTID, eventEVENTID or this for the event that    called this (replace EVENTID with a number)*Note: If no x, y or bindTo are set, it will play at players position*

### **Examples 1**~~~ qAudio start Battle1~~~Will play bgm Battle1 at the players location. Recommended not to do it thisway, best to set options.~~~ qAudio start City bgs idCITY max80 radius10 x5 y5~~~Will play bgs City at position (5, 5) with a radius of 10, max volume of 80and it's id is CITY~~~ qAudio start City bgs idCITY radius5 bindTo1 loop qAudio start City bgs idCITY radius5 bindToE1 loop qAudio start City bgs idCITY radius5 bindToEvent1 loop~~~*Note: All 3 are the same, just using a different character id method*Will play bgs City at event 1s position and move with that event. It also hasa radius of 5 and it will keep looping. It's id is CITY

### **Stoping a QAudio**~~~ qAudio stop ID [list of options]~~~- ID: The ID you set for the audio, set this to ALL to stop all QAudiosPossible options:- fadeoutT: where T is the time to fade out, in secondsTo clear/stop all qAudios~~~ qAudio clear~~~

### **Examples 2**First make a qAudio with an Id like:~~~ qAudio start Battle1 bgm idAb1~~~Then when you want to clear it:~~~ qAudio stop Ab1~~~Or clear it with a fadeout~~~ qAudio stop Ab1 fadeOut2~~~

### **Saving/Restoring QAudios**To save all the current QAudios that are playing use:~~~ qAudio save~~~To play all the QAudios that were saved use:~~~ qAudio restore~~~*Note: Saving does not remember the position the audio left off at*

## LinksFormated Help: https://quxios.github.io/#/plugins/QAudioRPGMakerWebs: http://forums.rpgmakerweb.com/index.php?threads/qplugins.73023/Terms of use: https://github.com/quxios/QMV-Master-Demo/blob/master/readme.mdLike my plugins? Support me on Patreon! https://www.patreon.com/quxios