

## AboutThis plugin is used to help ease development of configurations by lettingyou import from different sources. If you have a note tag that is going tobe used in multiple game objects, you can configure just one of them and havethe rest import the notes from that "master" object. Then whenever you editthe "master" all the ones that are importing from it will also get the change.

## How to use
### **Notetags for database items**~~~ <import: TYPE, FROM, FROM2>~~~- TYPE: set to text or note- FROM: - if TYPE is text, set this to the path of the text file - if TYPE is note, set to the database to read; actor, class, skill, item, weapon, armor, enemy, or state- FROM2: - if TYPE is text ignore this - if TYPE is note, set this to the id from that databaseExample:~~~ <import:text,text/file.txt>~~~Will import the text from the file located in text/file.txt~~~ <import:note,actor,2>~~~Will import the notes from actor 2

### **Notetags for events**~~~ <importing>~~~Marks that event as "needs importing". Required if an <import> tags is usedin that events pages.~~~ <import: TYPE, FROM, FROM2>~~~- TYPE: set to text, note or event- FROM:  - if TYPE is text, set this to the path of the text file  - if TYPE is note, set to the database to read; actor, class, skill, item, weapon, armor, enemy, or state  - if TYPE is event, set to the mapId the event is located- FROM2:  - if TYPE is text ignore this  - if TYPE is note, set this to the id from that database  - if TYPE is event, set to the event idExamples:~~~ <import:event,1,2>~~~Will replace the event with that note with event 2 from map 1~~~ <import:text,text/file.txt>~~~Will import the text from the file located in text/file.txt

### **Importing inside event pages**To use <import> inside an event page, you need to use the <importing>notetag first.There's two types of possible imports you can do inside an event page.First: Import text into a "Show Text", "Comment" or "Script" event command.~~~ <Import:PATH>~~~- PATH: the path of the text file to importSecond: Import events into the map from other maps. Can only be used insidethe "Comment" event command.~~~ <Import:event,MAPID,EVENTID,X,Y>~~~- MAPID: The mapId of the event you want to import- EVENTID: The event id of the event you want to import from MAPID- X: The x position to place this imported event- Y: The y position to place this imported event

## LinksFormated Help: https://quxios.github.io/#/plugins/QImportRPGMakerWebs: http://forums.rpgmakerweb.com/index.php?threads/qplugins.73023/Terms of use: https://github.com/quxios/QMV-Master-Demo/blob/master/readme.mdLike my plugins? Support me on Patreon! https://www.patreon.com/quxios