

## AboutThis is an addon to QMovement plugin. This addon adds a feature that letsyou create a json file that contains a list of colliders for each map.This is not to be confused with CollisionMap addon. CollisionMap lets youuse a picture for collisions, while ColliderMap lets you create collidersthat are placed on the map.

## How to useCreate a json file called `ColliderMap.json` inside the data folder.Once that file is made you'll need to set up the file

### **Setting up**The json format is an array of maps, the first index of the array should benull since MV map id's start on 1 not 0. Each array element is an array ofobjects containning collider info.Quick example:~~~[  null,  [    {}  ]]~~~

### **Collider object**The collider object has the following properties:- type[STRING]: box, circle or polygon- x[INT]: x position of the collider (optional, default: 0)- y[INT]: y position of the collider (optional, default: 0)- ox[INT]: x offset of the collider. Not used for poly type (optional, default: 0)- oy[INT]: y offset of the collider. Not used for poly type (optional, default: 0)- width[INT]: The width of the box/circle. Not used for poly type.- height[INT]: The height of the box/circle. Not used for poly type.- points[ARRAY]: For poly type only. An array of points, needs 3 or more points. Points are object with x and y properties.Optional extra properties:- note[STRING]: To add notetags- isTile[BOOL]: set to true or falseIf isTile, these can also be used- terrain[int]: set to terrain id- color[STRING]: color of the collider- isWater1[BOOL]: set to true or false- isWater2[BOOL]: set to true or false- isLadder[BOOL]: set to true or false- isCounter[BOOL]: set to true or false- isBush[BOOL]: set to true or false- isDamage[BOOL]: set to true or false

### **Example**~~~[  null,  [    {      "type": "poly",      "points": [{"x": 0,"y": 0}, {"x": 48,"y": 48}, {"x": 0,"y": 96}, {"x": -48,"y": 48}],      "x": 48,      "y": 0    }  ]]~~~Creates a diamond polygon on map 1 at 48,0.~~~[  null,  [    {      "type": "poly",      "points": [{"x": 0,"y": 0}, {"x": 48,"y": 48}, {"x": 0,"y": 96}, {"x": -48,"y": 48}],      "x": 48,      "y": 0    },    {      "type": "box",      "width": 480,      "height": 24,      "x": 0,      "y": 240    },    {      "type": "circle",      "width": 48,      "height": 48,      "x": 96,      "y": 48    }  ]]~~~

## LinksFormated Help: https://quxios.github.io/#/plugins/QM+ColliderMapRPGMakerWebs: http://forums.rpgmakerweb.com/index.php?threads/qplugins.73023/Terms of use: https://github.com/quxios/QMV-Master-Demo/blob/master/readme.mdLike my plugins? Support me on Patreon! https://www.patreon.com/quxios