

## AboutThis is an addon to QMovement plugin. This addon adds a feature that letsyou add colliders to regions. In QuasiMovement this was known asRegionBoxes.Region Colliders take priority over tiles. So if there's a region over atile, it will use the region collider instead of that tiles collider. Withthis you can make certain impassable tiles passable by adding a passableregion collider (width 0 and height 0) ontop of it.

## How to use JSONIf you still prefer the old way by using a json file you still can as longas you enable the "Use Json" plugin parameter. You can use both a jsonand the "Region Colliders" parameter, they will be merged together.Create a json file called `RegionColliders.json` inside the data folder.Once that file is made you'll need to set up the file

### **Setting up**Json template:~~~{  "REGIONID": [COLLIDER1, COLLIDER2, ..., COLLIDER N],  "REGIONID2": [COLLIDER1, COLLIDER2, ..., COLLIDER N]}~~~* Note that at the end of the 3rd line there's no comma!COLLIDER N are objects in this format:~~~{"type": type, "width": W, "height", H, "ox": ox, "oy": oy, "note": string}~~~- Set type to the type of collider ("box" or "circle", default is "box")- Set W to the width of the collider- Set H to the height of the collider- Set ox to the x offset of the collider- Set oy to the y offset of the collider- Set note to a string (wrapped in "")

### **Examples**Here's an example of having a collider on region 1 that has only 1 colliderthat is a 48x48 box~~~{  "1": [{"width": 48, "height": 48}]}~~~*Note that I left out some of the stuff in the COLLIDER obj. This is becausewe didn't need to use ox/oy since we're leaving it at 0. And the default typeis box, which is what we want.&Here's an example of having colliders on region 1 and 2 with one of themhaving 2 colliders.~~~{  "1": [{"width": 0, "height": 0}],  "2": [{"width": 48, "height": 4, "type": "box"}, {"width": 32, "height": 32, "ox": 8, "oy": 8, "type": "circle"}]}~~~*Note if the width and/or height are set to 0, that region will be marked aspassable.*When play testing and if you feel like it's not work, push F8. If the jsonfile isn't configured correct you will have an error in the console.If you need help, feel free to ask in the RMW thread.

## LinksFormated Help: https://quxios.github.io/#/plugins/QM+RegionCollidersRPGMakerWebs: http://forums.rpgmakerweb.com/index.php?threads/qplugins.73023/Terms of use: https://github.com/quxios/QMV-Master-Demo/blob/master/readme.mdLike my plugins? Support me on Patreon! https://www.patreon.com/quxios