

## AboutThis plugin adds a few new parameters and lets you create custom parameters.

## New ParametersHere is a list of new parameters that are added:- (HRT) Hp Regeneration tick      * Works similar to Hp Regeneration (Ex-Parameter) except they are a constant- (MRT) Mp Regeneration tick      * Works similar to Mp Regeneration (Ex-Parameter) except they are a constant- (TRT) Tp Regeneration tick      * Works similar to Tp Regeneration (Ex-Parameter) except they are a constant- (MCC) Mp Cost Constant          * Works similar to Mp Cost Rate (Sp-Parameter) except they are a constant- (TCC) Tp Charge Constant        * Works similar to Tp Charge Rate (Sp-Parameter) except they are a constant- (PDC) Physical Damage Constant  * Works similar to Physical Damage (Sp-Parameter) except they are a constant- (MDC) Magical Damage Constant   * Works similar to Magical Damage (Sp-Parameter) except they are a constant- (FDC) Floor Damage Constant     * Works similar to Floor Damage (Sp-Parameter) except they are a constant- (EXC) Experience Constant       * Works similar to Expericence (Sp-Parameter) except they are a constant

## Creating custom ParametersTo create a your own parameter, you just need to set them up in the pluginmanager. If you prefer to set them up as a JSON file then the format is:~~~json[  {    "abr": "abbreviation A",     "name": "param A name",     "default": value,     "min": value,     "max": value  },  ...  {    "abr": "abbreviation Z",    "name": "param Z name",    "default": value,    "min": value,    "max": value  }]~~~This JSON file should be located in the data folder and should be called 'QParams.json'

## NotetagsWe can modify all parameters (mv built in and custom ones) with some notetagsinside the Actor, Class, Equipment, Weapons, Enemies and State databases.

### **Params**Use this to add a value to a parameter(s). The format is:~~~<params>PARAM: VALUE</params>~~~- PARAM: The abbreviation of the parameter to modify. It can be: * MHP, MMP, ATK, DEF, MAT, MDF, AGI, LUK or any of the custom parameters you created- VALUE: Can be a number or a formula similar to skill formulas. With the formula you can use, `a` and `v[X]` but not `b`! You can also use `current` and it'llreturn the current parameter value.You can add as many params as you need, each param needs to be on their own line.

### **Rates**You can use this notetag to easily convert a X amount of points from a parameter to a % of an Ex or Sp Parameter.~~~<rates>X PARAM to XSPARAM</rates>~~~- X: A number, if negative it will have a negative gain in the rate- PARAM: The abbreviation of which parameter to use, can be: * MHP, MMP, ATK, DEF, MAT, MDF, AGI, LUK or any of the custom parameters you created- XSPARAM: The abbreviation of an Ex or Sp Parameter, can be: * hit, eva, cri, cev, mev, mrf, cnt, hrg, mrg, trg * tgr, grd, rec, pha, mcr, tcr, pdr, mdr, fdr, exr

### **RatesFormula**Similar to the <rates></rates> except you create the formula your self.~~~<ratsFormula>XSPARAM: VALUE</ratesFormula>~~~- XSPARAM: The abbreviation of an Ex or Sp Parameter, can be: * hit, eva, cri, cev, mev, mrf, cnt, hrg, mrg, trg * tgr, grd, rec, pha, mcr, tcr, pdr, mdr, fdr, exr- VALUE: Can be a number or a formula similar to skill formulas. With the formulayou can use, `a` and `v[X]` but not `b`! You can also use `current` and it'llreturn the current parameter value. Remember since it's a rate a returnvalue of 1 is 100%, 0.5 is 50% and 0 is 0%

## Examples
### Here's a few examples of the notetags**Params**----------------------------------------------------------------------------~~~<params>MHP: 100ATK: 20HRT: 5</params>~~~This would result in having 100 more hp, 20 more atk and an HRT of 5. HRT isa new built in parameter that works similar to hp regeneration except it's afixed number.

### **Rates and RatesFormula**~~~<rates>5 agi to cri5 agi to hit</rates>~~~This would result in converting 5 agi to 1% of cri and hit. So if an actor has20agi, he would have a bonus 4% cri and hit because of this tag.To achieve this using the <ratesFormula> it would be:~~~<ratesFormula>cri: (a.agi / 5) / 100hit: (a.agi / 5) / 100</ratesFormula>~~~

## LinksFormated Help: https://quxios.github.io/#/plugins/QParamsRPGMakerWebs: http://forums.rpgmakerweb.com/index.php?threads/qplugins.73023/Terms of use: https://github.com/quxios/QMV-Master-Demo/blob/master/readme.mdLike my plugins? Support me on Patreon! https://www.patreon.com/quxios