

## AboutThis plugin lets you use sprites that are set up with QSprite Editorhttps://github.com/quxios/QSpriteEditor

## How to useFirst configure your sprite with the QSprite Editor. Then you can use yoursprites by identifying it as a QSprite. To do so, just name your sprite fileby using the File Name Identifier format. By default this is:~~~ %{config}-~~~You would replace {config} with the config you made inside the QSpriteEditor. For example, if I made a config named: `Hero` then I would namethe file something like: `%Hero-Example.png`

## Built-in PosesThis plugin adds a few built in poses:- moveX- dashX- idleX- idle[A-Z]X ( more info for this below )- defaultWhere X is the direction:- 2: down- 4: left- 6: right- 8: up- 1: lower left- 3: lower right- 7: upper left- 9: upper right**_(Diagonals only work if you are using this with QMovement)_**Default pose is used when and idleX or moveX is not found. Note that defaultdoes not have an X at the end, it's just default. Has no directions tied toit.

### **idle[A-Z]X**This is a random idle that will play a random `idle[A-Z]` every X frames.The random wait depends on the `Random Idle Interval` parameter. To clarifyyou won't be naming this pose `idle[A-Z]2` (for example for the down direction)you would name it `idleA2` or `idleB2` or `idleC2`, ect.You can also add in a multipier if you want one of the idles to appear moreoften then others by adding: `Tx` Where T is the multipler.For example:Lets say I want 4 `idle[A-Z]` poses, and I want one of them to have a 4 timesbetter chance of appearing then the rest. My idle names would be:- idleA2- idleB2- idleC2- idleD4x2**_Note: all their directions are 2(down)_**

## Notetags / Comments
### **Set default direction**With spritesheets being large, it may be hard to pick that events startingdirection. To fix that, you can add a comment in that event that will setit's default direction.~~~ <direction:X>~~~Set X to direction. 2 for down, 4 left, 6 right, 8 up.

## Plugin Commands
### **Playing a Pose**Play a pose.~~~ qSprite [CHARAID] play [POSE] [list of options]~~~- CHARAID: The character identifier. - For player: 0, p, or player - For events: EVENTID, eEVENTID, eventEVENTID or this for the event that called this (replace EVENTID with a number)- POSE: The pose to play (Don’t add the direction! ex: atk, not atk2)Possible options:- lock: Disable character movement while pose is playing- pause: Pause the pose on the last frame- breakable: If character moves, the pose will end- wait: Next Event Command runs once pose is complete

### **Looping a Pose**Loop a pose until it's cleared, broken out of or played over.~~~ qSprite [CHARAID] loop [POSE] [list of options]~~~- CHARAID: The character identifier. - For player: 0, p, or player - For events: EVENTID, eEVENTID, eventEVENTID or this for the event that called this (replace EVENTID with a number)- POSE: The pose to play (Don’t add the direction! ex: atk, not atk2)Possible options:- lock: Disable character movement while pose is playing- breakable: If character moves, the loop will end- wait: Next Event Command runs once first loop has is complete

### **Clearing**Clear current playing/looping pose.~~~ qSprite [CHARAID] clear~~~- CHARAID: The character identifier. - For player: 0, p, or player - For events: EVENTID, eEVENTID, eventEVENTID or this for the event that called this (replace EVENTID with a number)

### **Add / Remove an idle[A-Z]**Maybe you only want to play an idle[A-Z] during certain scenes. So you canadd and remove them whenever you want!~~~ qSprite [CHARAID] addIdleAZ [POSE] qSprite [CHARAID] removeIdleAZ [POSE]~~~- CHARAID: The character identifier. - For player: 0, p, or player - For events: EVENTID, eEVENTID, eventEVENTID or this for the event that called this (replace EVENTID with a number)- POSE: The idle[A-Z] to add (Don’t add the direction! ex: idleA not idleA2)

### **Change idle pose**Maybe you want to have a different idle for certain parts of the game. Iwould recommend just using a different spritesheet, but I added a plugincommand to let you change your idle!~~~ qSprite [CHARAID] changeIdle [POSE]~~~- CHARAID: The character identifier. - For player: 0, p, or player - For events: EVENTID, eEVENTID, eventEVENTID or this for the event that called this- POSE: The new pose to use when idle (Don’t add the direction! ex: idleA not idleA2)

### **Examples**~~~ qSprite 0 play confused pause breakable qSprite p play confused pause breakable qSprite player play confused pause breakable~~~*Note: All 3 are the same, just using a different character id method*The player will run the `confused` pose. The pose will stop on the last frame.Once the player moves, the pose will end. The player can move during this poseand the next event command will run immediatly after this command with nowait.~~~ qSprite 1 play hug wait qSprite e1 play hug wait qSprite event1 play hug wait~~~Event 1 will run the hug pose. The event can't move until the pose iscomplete, and the next event command will run once the pose is complete.

## LinksFormated Help: https://quxios.github.io/#/plugins/QSpriteRPGMakerWebs: http://forums.rpgmakerweb.com/index.php?threads/qplugins.73023/Terms of use: https://github.com/quxios/QMV-Master-Demo/blob/master/readme.mdLike my plugins? Support me on Patreon! https://www.patreon.com/quxios